hi lovely ladies you are now watching
can't he loves you hey lovely ladies
I've had so many of you request for me
to do a two strand twist tutorial and I
finally did it and these are my results
when you're transitioning is very
important to give your hair a break you
don't need to be doing it every day that
can cause breakage and other problems
and I really need to get my hair break
so I plan on making these last for a
week hopefully a week and a half maybe
even two weeks if I redo to some of the
to it and this is the perfect hairstyle
for that so if you do want to give your
hair break I really do suggest two
tranches
this is what I have so far and you can
see I have a roller on the end because
my natural hair holds really good with
the two strand twists all this curliness
holds really good but when it gets to my
relaxed and the ends never want to hold
so for about five minutes since it's wet
I just let it dry and the roller and
that usually helps the ends curl up so
all I do is take a small section this is
a little wider than i usually make them
there we go and i'm just going to clip
that hair up then i'm going to take this
small section here and i dab a little
bit of my Palmer's hair dress on the top
and move it down and then i take a tiny
tiny bit tiny bit o jail and just smooth
it on i divided into two parts and
simply twist twist so they're very
simple to do and easy this one it's
really small but that's fine
Oh
and then I just take a roller I take
smaller ones let's did a couple times
and just hold it and that's it I'll show
you a couple other ones just so you
could get more of a visual of how
supposed to look again i'm going to pick
another fight section let my Palmer's
all appear dress on it this modem is hot
I try to calm each section and this
isn't my old home I don't know where to
assist them up box there's all this
somewhere else to unpack it but then you
just twist and I try to twist my own pie
because eventually die start own wasn't
adding up a little bit cuz i listened a
little bit much little bow so I like to
do a really tiny skinny efforts not i
can have room to grow all right put a
little bit of jail and is a twist it
just little bit and then put the roll
roll roll has no this one's a little bit
so i'll take it off and it see it was a
little bit so I can help it nightfall in
the next couple days I think you all can
definitely get the point now so I'm
going to come back to you when i'm doing
and show you how it turned out okay i'm
finally done it took me about two hours
to finish all
you
I hope you all enjoyed this tutorial if
you have any comments questions
suggestions you can leave them in the
comments or messages I will admit that
I'm Way better with messages than
comments but you can do either there are
a few new posts on my blog so you might
want to check those out address will be
in the info I mean link will be in the
info bar and right here thank you all
for subscribing I hope you have a
wonderful day enjoy your summer um I'll
talk to you later Kenny loves you
you